[PG-644] Add pgsm_track_application_names parameter description (#63)
percona/pgsm-docs: docs/configuration.md

| [pg_stat_monitor.pgsm_track](#pg_stat_monitorpgsm_track) |  :x:  |  :x:  |   :x:  | :white_check_mark: |
| [pg_stat_monitor.pgsm_extract_comments](#pg_stat_monitorpgsm_extract_comments)|  :x:  |  :x:  |   :x:  | :white_check_mark: |
| [pg_stat_monitor.pgsm_track_planning](#pg_stat_monitorpgsm_track_planning) |   :x:  |  :x:  |   :white_check_mark: |  :x:  |

> | [pg_stat_monitor.pgsm_track_application_names](#pg_stat_monitorpgsm_track_application_names) |   :white_check_mark:  |  :white_check_mark:  |   :x: |  :x:  |

Author: It's not clear how to fill this table

Author: Will update this table in the next PR

Available for PostgreSQL 14 and later versions. 

This parameter instructs ``pg_stat_monitor`` to monitor query planning statistics. 

### pg_stat_monitor.pgsm_track_application_names

Type: boolean. Default: YES

Server restart - NO

> Controls whether name of the application that executes query should be recorded or not. Application name is part of entry key, so disabling it will cause cumulation the same-query statistics issued from different applications in the same entry. Please note that application name tracking is expensive operation so you can face perfomance degradation correlated to number of connections, so it's recommeded to disable this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controls if to record or not the name of the application that executes the query. When enabled, the application name is a part of the entry key. However, the application name tracking is an expensive operation and you can face perfomance degradation correlated to the number of connections.  

Disabling this parameter results in statistics cumulation for the same query issued by different applications in the same entry.  For the sake of query execution performance, it's recommeded to disable this feature.
```
